docs: fix typo in experimental features (#21663)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/2.guide/3.going-further/1.experimental-features.md

# Experimental Features

The Nuxt experimental features can be enabled in the Nuxt configuration file.

> Internally, Nuxt use `@nuxt/schema` to define these experimental features. You can refer to the [source code](https://github.com/nuxt/nuxt/blob/main/packages/schema/src/config/experimental.ts) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Internally, Nuxt uses `@nuxt/schema` to define these experimental features. You can refer to the [API documentation](https://nuxt.com/docs/api/configuration/nuxt-config#experimental) for more information.
```
